[BLAC-2231] Add custom security headers plugin (#9)
quintoandar/docker-kong: README.md

config:
  prefix: /my-app-context
```

### security-headers 

> This plugin function adds some security headers with custom verifing logics. Our current `Kong proxy`version enables the [Serverless Functions](https://docs.konghq.com/hub/kong-inc/serverless-functions/) on it's version **0.3** wich can't make response header operations once those operations MUST be made at the `header_filter` phase. This plugin should be no longer necessary after update the `Kong proxy` to version *2.x*, it uses the version *1.0* from the `Serverless Functions` where there are available `pre and post functions` plugins, allowing to execute inline `Lua` code on every single phase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin function adds some security headers with custom verifying logics.

A custom plugin was necessary because the [_Serverless Functions_](https://docs.konghq.com/hub/kong-inc/serverless-functions/) plugin shipped with Kong 2.0, which allows the injection of custom Lua code in runtime configuration, does not give access to the `header_filter` phase, needed by us.

:information_source: This plugins takes no parameters.

:warning:  This plugin should be no longer necessary after upgrading _Kong_ to version *2.1+*, because it is shipped with _Serverless Functions_ *1.0+*, which DOES allow injection of code in any [request processing phase](https://docs.konghq.com/2.1.x/plugin-development/custom-logic/#available-contexts), including `header_filter`.
```
